


The BoogyJi Have Fallen!
Essay Written By Katijinia of Oletheros
1.	O-box-namo: The master key to the entire o-box-lo’s game of control and fear. The O-box-namo is the lynch pin to the entire o-box-lo’s o-legaly-o(legal) construct. With out an O-box-namo, which is your consent by agreeing to be said O-box-namo, the O-box-lo (system) BoogyJi soldiers (Bogomon, Berigian, Bogotor, undead humans) cannot literally feed on your souls/light energy that is typically shown in the physical materials ori(we) collect. It is only the CONSENT to be/use/have a o-box-namo/mark of the shadow that is required for your absolute spiritual contract/deal with the BoogyJi (Doubt and Fear) motif to be in FULL FORCE AND EFFECT with ori(you) as a SLAVE and ori (them) as MASTER. For PROOF of this, look and see how much of ori’s(your) life/existence involves a o-box-namo and ori (you) will see the measure of control the system has over ori (you).
2.	O-box-lo O-registry-lo: (Government Registry/Registration): Any/all things O-registry-lolo (registered) are FULLY SURRENDERED with consent to the BOOGYJI CORPORATION with NO o-legaly-lo recourse until such things are removed by exposing the INTENT by those who serve the BOOGYJI CORPORATION to commit fraud knowingly/unknowingly 
ex: A child that is O-REGISTRY-LOLO is BOOGYJI PROPERTY by ignorant consent where the truth of O-REGISTRY-LOLO was not brought forth which is the original INTENT by BOOGYJI CORPORATION SERVANT'S OWNERS to have ori offer their O-gifty-lolo’s (children) unknowingly into slavery of soul, and thus, body. It's the o-sourcy-wo (soul) they're really after, so keep that in mind.

3.	BOOGYJI DOLLARS, O-GOLDY-LO, O-SILVERY-LO, O-STUFFY-LO, E-NET COIN etc. are ALL O-illusivo’s (illusions) of value where ORI (YOU) are the true creator of all physical manifestations. BoogyJi Dollars, external value, has been the tool as the third party interloper "middle man" that has made draining your power possible. BoogyJi Dollars or the like only has value if one has been duped into thinking it does. This O-illusivo is the ultimate distraction and destroyer of creator o-sourcy-wo’s, literally. ALL BoogyJi Dollars is based on the o-sourcy-wo O-TRICKY-LO (CONTRACT) commonly known as a ENTRY DAY CERTIFICATE. (O-ENTERY-WO DAY CERTIFICATE)

4.	ENTRY DAY CERTIFICATE: The ORIGINAL SIN O-TRICKY-LO. The O-BOX-NAMO ori think/claim as ori’s is NOT ori’s creation. Ori’s "assumed O-BOX-NAMO" was created by ori’s parents/family members/adoptive kin, NOT ORI. This is an ORIGINAL CREATION manifested by another that is, in turn, O-REGISTRY-LOLO thus rendering it BOOGYJI CORPORATION PROPERTY as previously stated. It is upon this deception that ORI’S literal o-sourcy-wo was and is enslaved and upon which ALL BoogyJi Dollars/BoogyJi DEBT is created. A (Owe-yo)DEBT BOND "value" was placed in the ENTRY DAY CERTIFICATE based on the assumed accruement of TAXES, LOANS, DEBTS a child is expected to pay as long as they are part of this FRAUD upon humanity. ex: If some ori is expected to pay a certain amount of taxes etc. in their lifetime, the BOND is given a DEBT "VALUE". A o-gifty-wo born into a wealthy family will have a higher debt bond value than someone who is of a lesser perceived "income bracket" rating. This is slave trading at its finest which divides and conquers humanity in the SERF/CASTE/HIERARCHY system that encompasses the o-wiggly-wo.

5.	 O-COMMANDY-LO AND O-CONTROLY-LO: The o-box-lo courts and o-box-lo system slaves within, bought and paid for where the true o-commandy-lo and o-controly-lo aspects are the NO-STOP-LO(POLICE)/O-MOLOTARY-LO(MILITARY) as the front line dogs and fear o-tricky-do’s (contractors) for those above the courts and governments such as the BANKS/RELIGIONS and those that o-controly-lo them. The courts and governments are merely the filler for this "sandwich" of deception and illusivo (illusion). Without the ability to O_TRICKY-WO via any/all O-BOX-NAMO’S at the front-line level, the whole o-box-lo of o-controly-lo is destroyed(O-Kaputio), most importantly those at the very top of this spiritual slavery pyramid. Without the O-BOX-NAMO, all levels above are ultimately annihilated completely.

6.	THE TRIPLE O-BOX-LO: This consists of THE CAPITOLIUM, CITY OF BELATOR BOOGYJI CORPORATION and ARENOSUM H.S.D.(Heart Shaped Desert). They are the unholy trinity of the 3 in 1, 1 in 3 as illustrated clearly in the Papal O-box-lo: Religion, to control the beliefs, minds and spirituality of humanity, the Courts and Banks to control the BoogyJi Dollars/BoogyJi bonds and the world No stop-lo/ O-Molotary to quash rebellion and act as frontline contractors of o-sourcy-wo extractions.

7.	PRINCIPALITIES OF THE BOOGYJI: This is the true nature of the game that the vastness of humanity is blind to. Religions have been used to separate ori from o-sourcy-lo by making one believe "o-shimmery-wow" is external and use the "savior" program to reinforce this. BoogyJi Dollars is the tool that is used to keep ori in the physical-only realm by getting them to equate an external "value" on everything where nothing would exist without the people and their creativity. Physical death and harm is the tool used to clamp down ori’s true essence which is all creation itself. The tools employed are languages with the corruption of pure frequency intent with multiple meanings of the same sounds/frequencies, using O-WIGGY-LO’s (WORDS) and SPELLINGS (literally), thus dividing and conquering us and redirecting ori’s energy into THEIR creations and o-controly-lo. These entities CANNOT create anything since ori is soulless and thus, utterly powerless. They know this and are absolutely terrified because this spells their doom, once and for all. We are life with consciousness where these entities are consciousness without life/soul/spirit. They are COMPLETELY AND SOLELY DEPENDENT on getting our CONSENT or spiritual o-tricky-wo agreement and this is easily achieved through the O-BOX-NAMO deception, buying people off, ego comforts etc. Their whole house of cards/pyramid is BASED on this FACT. We are the fuel for their system/vehicle. Without spiritual fuel, they are destroyed. The biggest program that we run into with the masses(ori’s) is the sheer disbelief of their(ori’s) own power and who they(ori) truly are. A masterful job has been done to get humanity to this level of spiritual weakness and complete ignorance. This was the intent of corrupting the ancient truths, re-writing our past and presenting this in schools, churches and all levels of ego academia. Repeat a lie often enough and people will believe it. It is far easier selling a giant lie to the masses than selling ori one by one. The media is the main tool of thought direction and manipulation to reinforce the lies we were filled with as o-gifty-wo’s and up to our current state. We have many soulless entities on this planet with the vast majority being placed in positions of power and control, be it police, courts, media, churches, governments, schools, military at ALL levels. Fear is their only tool and once one sees one's own true immortal nature, one becomes untouchable; literally. The mass hypnosis of humanity is deep and you will meet all levels of resistance from friends, family, co-workers etc. so don't bother trying to wake those consenting to be dead. The facts to prove this are all there for all to see so it is up to them to look, not you. Simply plant the seed and walk away. They are the same as the ones in the allegory of Noah that came to the ark too late; let them drown. We are now at the culmination of destroying these entities once and for all and ori are pulling out all the fear porn, illusion and desperation plugs and, in that process, ori’s are sinking their own ship where ori (I) merely hand them a better plug-puller now. ORI and only ORI can save ori’s self and no-other ori so stop killing ori’s self trying. Let the dead bury the dead and perhaps they'll "get it" on the next pass but they are NOT ori’s concern. Stay the course. The path home is the one of truth only and nothing else. Your willingness to stand in truth is yours alone and to the degree that you stand will be the same degree that you become untouchable spiritually and, as a result, physically. As above, so below after all. There is no "middle ground" here, you're either in or out of Babylon. You are either master or slave, mortal or immortal. The o-sourcy-wo, ORI, are infinite where the body is merely a biological computer you operate. Your computer was infiltrated and corrupted (reptilian brain stem/fused chromosomes) and separated from the heart source mind. The soulless ori’s cannot experience compassion so don't expect ori to. They are the same as the Terminator droids in the movies, programmed to control and kill without remorse and are easy to spot. They are everywhere including ori’s own family, friends etc. and all you have to do is "feel" your way through. Let ori’s instincts and ori’s heart be ori’s guide. We (Ori) are clearing this reality of these parasites exponentially now where universal law reigns supreme where none shall or can trespass. They (Ori) are masters of deception so do not let ori’s loving compassion be used against ori, something that has been their most powerful tools. The bio-borg entities are already lifeless and are dependent only on being able to suck the life out of ori but, like every vampire, they cannot enter ori’s reality without an invitation. Every use of the legal NAME is the only invitation they need so best cut your ties and consent with that. Just get this concept and you have already cut the puppet strings and your causal ability returns instantly in relation to your ability to be responsible with that ultimate of powers. To the "walking dead" (and ori knows what ori is), ori’s time is over, ori’s deceptions are powerless and now moment by now moment, ori is being erased from consciousness for the invading parasites ori is. We (Ori), of the living soul(o-sourcy-wo), are awake, aware and reclaiming our reality where yours (Ori’s) never existed. In short, yes(zip), ori is doomed. Have a nice day! Katijinia!!





